Don't tell me to shut up,
Brian!
You almost blew our cover,
old man!
I'm right here.
You shouldn't have
shown up like you did.
You didn't know
Verone was testing us?
No, I thought
you punks were running!
Running?
That's great.
That's real great!
And if Rome wanted to
shoot you? You wouldn't
be here right now.
All right, we got to
get this under control.
That's mine!
So?
Tell me what you know.
Rome and I will be
making a run for Verone.
I'm not sure when or where,
but he did say that
he bought us a window,
I'm assuming
from the local cops.
I can talk to some of
the guys at the local
P. D.
No. No good.
If Verone's got some
of them on the payroll,
then we can't let them
know our operation.
Exactly.
In addition, Verone told us
that he himself would be
waiting at the drop.
That's good news.
If you're
gonna be delivering
drug money to him,
then we can get
him for laundering.
Now, there's only one problem.
What's that?